welcome to kennesaw state university in
atlanta georgia where they second Kenyan
diaspora conference concludes today the
keynote speaker was Michael Joseph
currently the sea of safaricom and his
keynote address was innovation and
customer service and he gives tips to
the keys to staying ahead but we've
always been very much on the edge of
technology in fact if you look at the
network's this time you leavin here we
are much further invest in Nairobi than
you are here and I think you can even
look in Europe you look at Europe has
had mobile technology from maybe seven
years we've had it made for 8-10 years
now we are much further ahead than many
countries in Europe and we're very proud
of it of course we talked about
impressive desert is a huge success but
I have to admit that when we launched
this in march two thousand seven like we
didn't know it would be such a great
success the new intrinsically this is a
great product but in fact the way in
which we launched it the way in which we
we built up distribution network and the
way we made the product so simply to use
has made it a huge success I'll talk
about it in a little while but I think
the most important thing is we're here a
number one company like we are we're
number one numbers of total revenue in
terms of profitability years in
particular but these some of this
imagine being number one is that you can
become very good places but you one good
thing about k head is there I think the
government does understand what is
needed to attract investment dead and to
keep the festival yes maybe we don't
have enough water
power but certainly I think we have a
government that understands what
investment climate should be in order to
attract new investor I think people are
surprised at Kenya because if you look
at the statistics of cake look at the
GDP they don't really reflect true
economic economy of tenders and I think
those of you mean back home you know
that seventy percent of our conurbation
for doesn't figure on the statistics and
that is why I believe that this country
still has huge potential and why we will
still grow up in the mobile penetration
to at least 65 s if you could is the
revenue is there and i'll show you how
it looks about something that is very
very exciting for us exciting for kenya
if Esther is the first the first product
in the world that allows the unbanked
with no banking details no registration
no bank accounts no credit card to do
banking to do to transfer money paid
bills save money to some extent store
your money pay your salaries and this is
the product that was launched in peenya
just in March of 2007 cause this so
convenient it is so safe so secure you
can imagine paying your electricity bill
when you wake up it to look up in the
morning oh my god I forgot to pay the
electricity bill yesterday you can pay
from the bed and this very few places
do we even have a better day today the
waterpark is going to be launched in
about a month's time pressures up to
miss Tanner where you actually if you go
to this water pump you send the water
pump some money and will give me water
so instead of giving free water you know
in the end of the pump will break down
every whatever fix it because the pump
belongs to the community and you have to
pay for you and pacify Bob step up and
gives you five Jesus supporter very good
and you get a car send money and the
pump you sure that water these kind of
things are just amazing in Kenya you
know its many of the risks of talk to me
a philosophical occupation which doesn't
happen they know from the new getting
come to Kenya and getting the matata
from the airport
I'll tell you money how to save money
payable even in western cape where some
of you come from and you cannot go to a
bar of night unless you pay with the
better they will not sell you a beer